Documentation additions and fixes (#804)
hikari-py/hikari: CONTRIBUTING.md

To aid with the generation of `CHANGELOG.md` as well as the releases changelog we use `towncrier`.

> You will need to install `towncrier` and `.` locally before making changelog additions.
> ```bash
> pip install towncrier .
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to install `towncrier` and `hikari` from source before making changelog additions.
```bash
pip install towncrier
pip install -e .
```
```
